Wow, Doudou goes to school here.
Yeah, it's a private school
The basic tuition fee for a year is hundreds of thousands
Where did you get so much money?
Don't say you moved bricks here, I don't believe it
Would you believe me if I said I didn't spend a penny?
OK
That's the truth.
How did you do it?
Didn't I tell you before?
I have a friend who works as a driver for Gu Zhenting
Gu Zhenting's young master also goes to school here
So
Gu Zhenting donated a lot of money to this school
School to express gratitude
I gave him a few places to go to school
You understand?
And then my driver friend
Just find Gu Zhenting
Asked for a free school place
So Doudou went to school here
Then your driver friend is your noble person?
Indeed. Then can I see a picture of him?
I work at Story Group.
Maybe seen him
No why uh
I don't like it when you look at other men
Doudou Mommy